1- Changed version of save file to v7.9 (to save "mesh seed numbers" on curves)  
Note: If you save a file with a higher version, you cannot open it with a lower version of the program.  
2- Showing "new file" version  
3- Showing "loaded file" version  
4- Changing main text font sizes  
5- Sending error when no material ID is found (for edit or remove)  
6- Fixed material "unwanted addition" bug  
7- Showing material add and delete warnings  
8- Fixed the Apply and Delete button behavior in Material Form  
9- Using Apply button in Material Form as default key for Enter  
10- Improving the Tab key function in the Material Form  
11- Improving the method of editing material specifications in the list  
12- When the user was trying to drag the shape with the middle mouse button, the program was mistakenly sending the "Done" command, preventing the user from doing so and forcing them to use the Control key and the left mouse button instead — which was very inconvenient. Why? Because after each drag, they had to release the Control key and press it again along with the mouse to start the next drag.

In the two newly added commands for adding and using mesh seeds (which are still in the editing stage and not yet completed), I have been trying to follow the rules below. I hope we will be able to apply them to other menus as well in the near future:
13- In the text box on the right (the information box, in my opinion), all main steps are being shown with numbers.
14- When the user is about to enter a value from the keyboard but accidentally clicks on the screen, a warning is being added in the box on the left (the command report box, in my opinion), and the focus is being moved to the "Command entry text box."
15- When the user uses the right-click menu to send the "Done" or "Cancel" command, instead of sending the letters "D" or "C", the words "Done" or "Cancel" are being sent in the "command report box", which is helping with better readability and understanding of the steps of previous commands.
16- I have been trying to provide helpful information in the command report box so that users can complete the steps of this menu more quickly and accurately. Also, if the user is new (as I was in the beginning), this explanation is helping a lot.
